We believe that extraordinary times require extraordinary brands. We use the power of design to create distinctive brands that are meaningful, memorable and iconic, putting people at the center of the brand experience to drive behavioural change and deliver real impact.

Whether you’re a consumer or retail brand, an established corporate brand, or a challenger brand, our objective is always effectiveness and our strategy is extraordinary design. It’s a bold claim, but with 40 years of brand design experience under our belts and 72 Design Effectiveness Awards to our name, we really are the world’s most effective brand design agency.

Our projects range from Brand Identity, Brand Strategy, Packaging Design, Brand Guardianship and Brand Experience through to Digital Activation, Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality and Omni-Channel Design.

In a world of increasing turbulence and accelerated change, we believe tomorrow’s best brands will be built on and powered by cultural tension.

It connects immediate goals and long-term vision to real consumer needs.
It sparks dialogue and conversation, deepening connection and community.
It inspires emotionally charged, culturally relevant ideas and innovation.
It builds depth, dimension and distinctiveness, driving recall and recognition.
It unlocks unseen opportunity and market value, creating sustainable advantage. 
It challenges the status quo, stereotypes and category conventions.

We build brand power. We transform cultural and consumer tensions into meaningful and memorable brand ideas.

Competitive Landscape
Cultural Context
Consumer Insights
Brand Power Diagnostic
Naming
Creative Platform
Logos & Visual Systems
Voice & Verbal Expression
Purpose and values
Positioning
Proposition
Personality
Cultural Ambition
Tensions
Motion & Film
Sonic Identity
Photography
Iconography
Illustration
Custom Typography
Design Strategy
Brand Guidelines
Asset Management
Brand Stewardship
Consumer Journey
Experience Principles
Messaging
Brand and Portfolio Architecture
Communications Strategy
Organizational Visioning
Offering Innovation
MVP
Incubators & Prototyping
Planning
Launch Planning
Campaign
Digital Design
Packaging Design
Environments
Content Development
We fine-tune your brand's most compelling tensions, tease out the right questions to ask, and craft potent and powerful designs that connect your reality to your vision. See how we've done it for our clients.
We’ve amassed experience across sectors with work spanning geographies, scale, and scope. No challenge is too big or messy, familiar or foreign, broad or niche.
“The greater the tension, the greater the potential. Great energy springs from a correspondingly great tension of opposites.”

We're a naming agency.
We create beautiful and catchy names for companies & products.

to create company & product names that resonate with you and your audience

"Glad we asked for help"
We really needed some fresh ideas, we couldn't come up with anything interesting ourselves anymore. Brands are Boring surely delivered. Almost half of the names they gave us would work for us business.

"Competent team & imaginative brand names"
Asking Brands are Boring for help is one of my first great decisions as a business owner, I found the perfect name for my coaching business fairly quick and could move on.

"A very professional and kind team"
We had a great experience using Brands are Boring's naming service. The names were spot-on and it was exciting to read through all of them.

We turn ideas into brand names

WHY USE BRANDS ARE BORING

Be bold, stand out. We helped over 800 founders just last year.

We create names
that stand out from the crowd. Beautiful and catchy names that stick and tickle your imagination.

We are naming experts
‍We name companies and products every day. We love it and we're good at it. Our main goal is to give companies and products a name that works. A name that people remember, a name that sells.
‍
• Stand out from the crowd
‍We create catchy, unique, powerful and imaginative names. But most important of all: memorable names. If your brand name sticks, you're halfway there.
• Named in just 48 hours
‍We name your company or product in 48 hours. It only takes 3 minutes of your time to explain us what you're up to, and we'll take care of your brand name.

• We can help anyone
Whether you're a start-up in need of a brand name, an established business that wants a name change, or have a product that's still unnamed, we are here to help.

"It's a great service. There is a team of dedicated branding experts at work to find you the best possible business name."

"We were stuck trying to find a name for our business so we decided to try Brands are Boring. We did not regret it. We received some really great name ideas and eventually decided to pick Pantone Pops, which perfectly fits our colorful branding. They offer a great, easy-to-use and very affordable service. We highly recommend them!"

We almost ended up with this name for our branding studio. It's a unique name and easy to turn into a brand.

Also, it fits what we do perfectly: we only create extraordinary brand names, no ordinary brand name ideas to be expected from us. We create exotic species.

01. We learn about your business
Precise listening might be our most important skill. Only with the right information we can create amazing brand names. We take an in-depth look at the information you provide us so we can get a feeling about your business and can create a profile based on the product or service, your audience and the overall market.

‍02. We get inspired and start brainstorming
After collecting the information we start to get inspired which in turn leads to several short brainstorming sessions. We write down every idea that comes to mind, discover new paths, have creative chats and start puzzling.

‍03. We evaluate the ideas and create the brand names
We evaluate the team's input, we look at every idea on the table. Then we pick the best ideas and continue to fine-tune them.

‍The Results
Eventually we end up with 14 names, names we believe suit your business or product best. We also explain our thoughts behind each brand name. To finalize we send the results straight to your email, all you have to do is pick your favorite.

EVERY BUSINESS HAS A UNIQUE STORY TO TELL
Starting a company or developing a product requires a lot of dedication, sacrifice and hard work. You want the name of your business to reflect this energy that went into creating the brand, the name should be nothing less than perfect. You want your audience to be drawn towards the name, you want them to engage and get curious.

That's where we come in. We can help you to find a name that sets you apart from the rest and reflects the identity of your business, a name that people remember and fall in love with.

A great company name will not make your business an overnight success, it still takes hard work. However a bad company name makes becoming a successful business much harder in the first place.

Be bold, stand out.

