Idle 3D printers are the bane of the creative class. That’s why MakeXYZ.com is so important. It is a service that helps you find 3D printers near you and request print jobs. Like the remote batch jobs of yore, you can simply contact a MakeXYZ maker and they’ll print off your item.

Programmers Chad Masso and Nathan Tone opened up the site to orders this year and it’s already well-populated with printers awaiting their instructions. The Austin-based site is already profitable.

We help people make stuff by connecting people who need something 3D printed with makers and print shops neighborhood. You browse printers in your zip code, and after you have found one, you upload your file, choose your color, material, zip code, and checkout. They print it for you and then either ship it to you, or hold it until you can pick it up. It’s an easy way to get quality 3D prints fast.
“We have signed up 550 printers in 1.5 months. We don’t disclose revenue or order volume data,” said Tone. “Printing locally turns out to be a sweet deal. In comparison to 3D printing service bureaus, customers going through MakeXYZ get their 3D models for half the cost in a third of the time. And you get to meet the person who made your model… in our opinion, community beats anonymous factories.”

Print jobs are priced based on square centimeter and many jobs cost about $15. Prices start at about 25 cents per cm³ but those with a better run rate can ask for more. The company takes a 5 percent cut on top of the printer’s price. It’s clearly an excellent way to take up the slack in the 3D-printing world, especially considering the price of the initial investment in Makerbots and other devices.

Tone said he created the product when he wanted to make a light-switch cover with a hook attached. “I didn’t have a 3D printer, so I shipped the CAD file to a printing-service bureau in NY. It was expensive and took over a month to arrive. Which was frustrating, in that when you’re making something you want to have it in your hands – to admire, iterate, etc. And since I’m sure that there’s gotta be one person in my building with a Makerbot.”

“Printing locally does just that – by keeping it in the community and halving the cost and turnaround time of making something awesome,” Tone said.

We’re a global initiative for productive, resilient, open cities.
Climate breakdown and social exclusion require us to reinvent the fundamental systems we depend upon, a task which requires courage, coherence and long-term thinking. Humans consume planetary resources at a rate that puts planetary systems at risk. We need a deep transformation of how we organise production and consumption in cities.

Why a ‘Fab’ City?
The Fab City global initiative builds on the global network of Fab Labs. A Fab Lab is a domestic scale fabrication laboratory, founded by researchers at MIT in Boston, that provides access to the tools and knowledge to ‘make anything’. 2000 Fab Labs across the globe form a distributed infrastructure and global community which supports the global movement of ‘bits’ while ‘atoms’ stay local.

PITO to DIDO
Fab City builds on the ideals of the Fab Lab such as connectivity, culture, glocalism and creativity, and scales it to the City. It implements the logic ‘from bits to atoms’ at the urban scale using the model: PITO (Product In Trash Out) to DIDO (Data In Data Out). We’re building sustainable ecosystems of production and knowledge: from the 3D printer at home, to the neighborhood Fab Lab, to a local factory global logistics infrastructure.

Read the Whitepaper
Our Strategic Action Plan
There is no one single approach to enabling a city that thrives on its own resourcefulness and productive capacity. Fab City global initiative recognises that each locality is unique in cultural, social and materials resources. The Fab City Strategic Action Plan was developed as a framework to guide cities to explore, identify and prototype local productivity that reflects and benefits their own city and corresponding bioregion.

The Fab City Foundation hosts guidance sessions and bootcamps to get to know the SAP, keep an eye on the events page for more information or subscribe to our newsletter.

Download the guide to the SAP →
Fab City started as a challenge for a city to produce (almost) everything it consumes. The provocation has grown into a global movement, which is facilitated by the Fab City Foundation, a Network of cities and a Collective of experts.

The Fab City Network
At the core of the Fab City initiative, is a global network of cities, regions and localities who work towards resiliency through situated prototypes of productive cities that respond to the local context. Each local effort comprises city leaders, Fab Labs and civic organisations who collaborate in their territories, and at distance with the network through annual programming. The Network members have pledged to join the challenge at our yearly Summit.

The Fab City Collective
Urbanists, designers, makers, innovators, artists, developers, engineers, and other professionals and enthusiasts around the world who steward the ideas of Fab City within their own work and likeminded organisations. Members of the Collective support Fab City projects at the local level and contribute to knowledge transfer across the global initiative.

The Collective is dynamic and self-organised, it is not fixed by membership and can be open to new collaborators. It is not currently possible to join the Collective.

Established in 2018, the Fab City Foundation supports the global initiative through the development of projects and educational programs that are focused on building the capacity of cities and their communities. Based in e-Estonia, the Foundation is location independent and supports distributed programs as well as projects in both hemispheres.

Our Roadmap is unique. Launched in 2011 by the City of Barcelona, it is now in constant development thanks to the distributed network of cities, individual advocates, NGOs, academics and industry partners.