Teddy Bear and Doll Hospital
Our Teddy Bear and Doll hospital is currently closed to the general public. We are able to answer queries by phone or email between 9.30am - 3.30pm Monday to Friday.
We are continuing to carry out Teddy Bear repairs, restoration or even just a little TLC for your much loved, furry friend. We're also a doll hospital and undertake doll re-stringing on an almost daily basis.
Whether they're just a few weeks old when the family pet finds them(!), or approaching their twilight years and showing excessive wear and tear, we can help.
With Bears and Dolls that have acquired years of character, our aim is not to return them to the pristine condition they were once in when new - they just wouldn't be the same - but we will try to make sure that bits stop falling out or dropping off, and help your first best friend enjoy generations more love.
If you have a potential patient who is in need of either a little re-stitching, or major surgery, please pop us an email with a few photographs at info@alicesbearshopuk.com
Tell us:
The areas that need attention.
Anything you definitely want to keep the same, including sentimental features such as "grandma's darning" or "he's always had shirt buttons for eyes", etc.
The rough size of the patient. 

About us/Contact/Our Ethics
Alice's Bear Shop is a designer and manufacturer of Teddy Bear and Rag Doll kits. We are an online shop and a Teddy Bear and Doll Hospital, situated in the beautiful  seaside town.

We are proud to offer you our beautiful collection of Heirloom, jointed Teddy Bear and Calico Rag Doll Making Kits, Patterns and Digital Pattern Downloads.

Created using the very best partners we can find and offering you a product that is as green as we can make it while still being affordable. 

Ethically created with People, Play and the Planet in mind. 

Please call if you need information about our Teddy and Doll Hospital or need help with Bear or Doll making.

 We thought you'd like to know:

We are an ethical company. If you wish to know more about this you can find it on our ethics page. 
We are one of the only remaining Teddy and Doll hospitals and receive patients from the world over.
In the Hospital we have a team of doctors: Dr Dave and Nurse Lesley - our specialists in repairing elderly bears, Dr Joe, Dr Colette and Dr Margaret. We have Cheryl and Wendy working on admin as well as carrying out repairs. In the shop we have Lynn.  Behind the scenes is Maria who keeps us on our toes!

All kinds of bits and bobs turn up at The Repair Shop looking for some TLC. From antique clocks and theatre chairs to more personal family items such as rocking horses and childhood toys.

If there’s one thing that doesn’t usually pop up, it’s teddy bears.

Teddy bear repairing might sound like a seriously niche career choice but if there’s anywhere you can find work, it’s The Repair Shop!

Julie and Amanda are the show’s resident teddy bear repair experts. Although they don’t feature on the BBC series all the time, their appearances are always loved by viewers.

So, who are the ‘Teddy Bear Ladies’? Get to know them here, including all about their Southampton-based teddy restoration shop!

Julie Tatchell is a vintage bear and soft toy restorer from Southampton.

Passionate about conserving the traditions of toy-making in Britain and keeping alive those relics of the past, Julie set up a repair shop for vintage soft toys with her business partner, Amanda Middleditch.

But bear repair was not Amanda’s original career path, as she actually attended the University of Southampton and obtained a BSc in Geology!

It is unknown how the crafty duo fell into the industry, but they have been working as some of the country’s top restorers for over 13 years now.
