Tasker:

Tasker actually has this Vibrate function that allows for you to set various patterns of vibrations, starting with the time in milli seconds of a pause, then the vibration, repeat. 0,500,25,400 for example would be two quick bursts. If you think you need to be quite make the vibrations even faster with longer pauses between them so your friends went sense it going off. Some phone companies vibration motors are more noisy and less feely than others. You'll have to play with what combos she can feel and differentiate for different communications between you two.

I have my phone giving me extra vibrates like that for important texts that come in from my a specific person if they add a #$ anywhere in the body of the message. If that code is sent a second time any time within an hour from the first one it turns on every volume all the way. And if it's sent a third time it reads the text wording aloud to me. And finally if it's sent again it fires off a loud alarm notification sound on my phone, pulls my gps and sends it off, starts the video camera and records a little then shares that last video file to a shared Google drive folder, and starts a task that records audio silently on and off every few minutes.

But you can get much more robust for your game. So by connecting different vibration patterns like this to incoming triggers that she sends you, you can get your phones to communicate.

Incoming triggers can be varied massively to confuse your friends as they try to figure it out. Anything from sms or WhatsApp or email messages with trigger words that mean different patterns to even voice activated so you don't even need to take your phone out. To a Google sheets that is watched I.e. "o.k. Google add tequila to my shopping list" might send a unique vibration pattern trigger to your gf that indicates she is to say the word gucci to your friends. Good luck getting them to figure out how you communicated it. Because the next time might just be you sending an email with the trigger words for your secret pattern that means something else between you two. And after that it might be when you push the useless bixby button on a Samsung device. And after that might be when you use your ring finger on your fingerprint scanner not even taking your phone out of a pocket or opening it up. Even something that isn't message related, if your buddies are looking over your shoulder, like when a game app or the flashlight is opened or closed wait a certain time for your phone to be in your pocket and away and then send her the trigger method. Essentially, anything that's not a messaging/communication app on your phone and might look normal to your friends can be used as a trigger. And so much more.

Look into adding join by tasker too if you want to make the communication part even more robust. And add a win 10 computer and tablets to the mix of devices that can send her triggers, essentially you'll be having tasker on her phone look for specific triggers which is extremely easy and you literally have hundreds of incoming methods to choose from and hundreds of ways you do something which will in turn trigger things from your phone to communicate to her phone.

It seems as if creating some sort of a really simple webpage with few buttons for this could be the best solution im after !! Holy hell. Ill read on the API you linked, and try to learn some html to make a simple site with few buttons that will activate different vib's for each.

Only question is, how will i go through using this web panel to send from 1 phone to the other, this ill have to check as its probably the hardest part. Thanks a lot kind user! i liked this approach a lot and will update you with my progress if you'd like to know :)